NXP-29691 Align project on 11.x and add Docker module (#1)
nuxeo/nuxeo-customer-project-sample: docker/nuxeo-customer-project-sample-docker/README.md

nuxeo/nuxeo-explorer Docker Image
===================================

> This module is responsible to build the Explorer Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is responsible to build the customer project's Docker image.
```

Reviewer 2: @ataillefer @akervern actually it's "responsible *for* building"
